hey guys so what is going on
it is the killer 243 and I am playing
some minecraft my god my gosh I love
minecraft and I'm finally I finally got
bandicam some doubt this is awesome
software and now I can green bandy and
oh my gosh now I can read Minecraft to
you guys and so what I'm gonna be doing
today is a tutorial on how to make this
castle this castle is it's my my version
of castle um that the main layout is a
design that I got on you online I looked
at her on Google Images and and then I
took my I'm gonna I put my own design
into it like these towers and the fence
and the pillars on the outsides and the
pillars and so yeah guys I am going to
be doing a tutorial on how to do this
and it's a really it's a really cool and
simple simple castle will make except if
you're if you're playing Survival it's
pretty hard to get all of the all of the
materials for it especially if you're do
a cobblestone it is very hard to UM it's
very it needs a lot of calls from it I
did it on a on my I did on the server
that I plan recently it got me
moderator position goes the owner liked
it so much so he gave me a moderator
position right away and so you guys
going to start on this and just to make
it look exactly the same use cobblestone
instead and so yeah let's get started
let's go down here alright the first
thing you're gonna wanna do you're gonna
want a huge it's gonna be a huge space I
I did I think I did a 30 by 30 30 by 30
area on the one I did on the server that
I planned but it it was just a little
too much room but it left enough room
before nil erupts your stuff around so
if you are doing it's like on my regular
survival map
you're gonna want about 30 block by 30
block space so the first thing you're
gonna do and I mean I'm using creatives
because I don't want to use all the
materials and survival maybe I'll I'll
do Survival Series soon and do that
build stuff so first thing you want to
do is do they get three blocks and then
one block and another three blocks over
one block three walks on block three
blocks one block okay so that'll be
that'll be the pillars or the towers on
each side okay and so okay and now
you're gonna want to go from here you're
gonna want to go one block to luck three
bucks four blocks five six seven eight
nine ten and then 11 and then on the
11th and you go one two on each side and
then you're gonna do the next pillar or
tower on this side
okay now you're going to be doing the
same exact thing you're going to want to
go 1 block 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
1 2 3 negative 3 again 1 1 2 3 3
okay so and I don't know maybe have
three of your towers started and the
next two on each side
3 okay
no just connect these last two should be
11 and now you have a perfectly even so
they have a perfectly even base and what
I like to do is 1 2 3 go 3 blocks and
take out 3 and then that'll be the
entrance and there's still 3 on each
side so it's a perfectly even thing so
you can make it entrance like that or
something like that
I'm not gonna focus so much on interior
design and stuff like I sort of have on
this one I'm gonna focus tomorrow I'm
just making the base of the castle you
guys can do interior designing do stuff
like this like I have carpet and water
and all that and so now it's no you're
gonna want to go 7 high from the base on
the towers you're gonna want to go set
so one two three four five six seven
okay 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 and so
on you're gonna do this and all of the
towers until you have seven higher eight
high on each of the towers okay and I'll
probably stop right here and come back
once I am done with all this I'll be
right back